(alarm blaring)
-(alarm continues blaring)
-(indistinct chatter)
(man shouts indistinctly)
(panting)
-(alarm continues blaring)
-(indistinct shouting)
Hurry! Go, go!
(Darius humming)
(indistinct chatter continues)
(continues humming)
-(pop music playing softly)
-(alarm continues blaring)
Hello?
Oh. Hey.
Wh-Wh-What you doing?
DARIUS:
Oh, I got this air fryer
as a gift, but then
I remembered I have an oven.
A-A-Are you returning this?
Look, I don't have the receipt.
I know what you're thinking,
but I was thinking maybe
we could make a trade,
you know, it'd be
something like that.
Nigga, do you not see
what's going on right now?
(pop music playing softly)
Yeah. Hmm.
It is pretty wild in here.
Kind of looks like
a Marshalls, man, but...
(scoffs)
(chuckles)
Thank you.
(computer chimes)
-(drawer slides open)
-(rummaging)
Wait, don't-don't-don't, uh...
Come on, man. Damn.
(sighs)
Thirst bucket.
MAN:
Come on, now.
-MAN 2: Let us out.
-CHRISTINE: No.
-Move.
Y'all are stealing.
Now put it back.
-Excuse me.
-CHRISTINE: Put it back.
Uh-uh. I'm not gonna let you
take that air fryer.
Oh, no, no, I'm not stealing it.
-I just forgot the receipt,
but it's...
-CHRISTINE: No.
I would rather die than let you
take that. Now, you put that
back, or you ain't leaving.
Hey. Y-- Uh-uh. Hey!
Nobody's leaving.
Hey!
-What are you...
-(indistinct chatter)
CHRISTINE:
Let go of my chair.
(chatter continues)
(Christine screaming)
-(alarm continues blaring)
-MAN: Oh, shit,
she's got a knife!
WOMAN: Oh, shit!
Oh! Oh! Shit, shit!
MAN:
Oh, oh! (grunting)
(wheelchair whirring)
(coughs)
("Bitch Where"
by Chief Keef playing)
-♪ Tell your man ♪
-♪ Bop ♪
-♪ Bop, bop ♪
-♪ Don't go there ♪
♪ I'm in the church, and I'm ♪
♪ Trying to get my soul clear ♪
♪ Wrote my name on the wall ♪
♪ Hope it don't smear ♪
♪ Said, "I love you," 40 times ♪
♪ I was sincere ♪
♪ He popping out with same ♪
♪ Clothes that my bitch wear ♪
♪ Dirty ho said I was broke,
and I said, "Bitch, where?" ♪
♪ All my exes missing out,
they need to get here ♪
♪ All these bitches up in
my hair like some L'Oréal ♪
♪ Bro got booked in 2011,
it feel like 40 years. ♪
(horns honking)
(radio playing indistinctly)
-Hey.
-(door unlocks)
Yeah. See, I told you
I would be able to leave,
go in there,
do what I got to do, come out,
and you'd still be stuck here
'cause this traffic is crazy.
(radio playing indistinctly)
What's wrong?
Man...
the radio just said
Blueblood died.
-Damn. Really?
-Yeah. Mm-hmm.
-How?
-I don't know, man.
They said he been dead
for, like, three months.
-His manager just put out
a statement.
-Sheesh.
Damn, man, I used to listen
to that nigga
-all the time, man.
-Yeah.
ALFRED:
Like, remember
those secret shows
-he'd only post clues
about on Tumblr?
-Yes.
-Those shows were fire, man.
-Man, right?
-Secret but fire.
-Right?
Man... Last of an era, man.
R. I. P.
Only real niggas
know Blueblood.
(grunts)
ALFRED:
See this bit?
Like, the internet is just
giving love to this nigga, man.
Like, every rapper out there.
That nigga was a legend.
(wheelchair whirring)
-(horn honking)
-Hey, man!
-Oh...
-Come the fuck on!
-Man,
-they are not moving, bruh.
-Nigga, man, Atlanta traffic.
-Do you see anybody moving here?
-Swear to God.
Where you got to be anyway?
-The airport.
-But where you gonna go, dawg?
You don't like L.A.
You don't like New York.
You don't like nowhere.
What you gonna do?
Jamaica?
-Oh. Jam...
Jamaica's a good one.
-Mm.
But... overrated is their weed,
overrated is that movie Shottas.
-Yo, that's a dab point.
-It be doing too much.
Too motherfuckin' much,
bruh.
Whole night wasted.
Aw, shit.
Might as well listen
to Blueblood then, man.
DARIUS:
Yeah, put some of that on.
♪ Yeah ♪
-(indistinct lyrics playing)
-Hey, hey.
Hey, hey, hey, hey,
well.
Don't think I even
heard this one before.
Nah? Man, well,
this his new joint, man.
It came out about...
six months ago.
-Okay.
-It's pretty experimental.
I don't even understand
what he's saying
half the time, for real.
♪ Like the media like,
in my life... ♪
Yeah, um, I'm-- How about
we get off at the next one?
Is you crazy, man?
Monroe's just gonna put us
back in more traffic.
All right, you stay here,
I'm-a go out.
-Uh, I'll do it on foot.
-Man, you leaving me?
-Yeah, don't worry.
Everything'll be...
-Nigga, is you okay?
-(screams) Hey!
-(grunting)
Back up. Stop.
Do not do that.
What are you doing?
♪ We're Medea and Medusa ♪
♪ My outfit come together
like a shoe puzzle ♪
♪ Soothsayers
would've said something ♪
♪ Put my life on the line,
bet 200. ♪
♪ ♪
Man.
EARN:
All right, bet. I got to go.
I'll hit you tomorrow.
(sighs) It's not gonna
take long, don't worry.
EARN:
(inhales sharply) It's all good.
I already blocked off
my schedule.
To drive me to Atlantic Station?
Half to drive you
to Atlantic Station,
the other half to get
a Publix sub.
-VAN: They are good.
-They are.
EARN:
Man, I haven't been here
in a minute.
Yeah, me neither.
(sighs) Really hope they just
replace this phone.
The screen's been giving me
issues for a while.
Earn?
What's up?
Hey, what's up, Kenya?
What's going on?
Doing some shopping. (chuckles)
It's been a while.
-How you been?
-I'm all right.
Hi. I'm Kenya.
Vanessa.
Well, I'm gonna try
to get out of here.
Glad you're doing well.
Good to see you.
♪ No ♪
♪ Nobody's supposed
to be here... ♪
Haven't seen her in a minute.
(sighs) You can't go
to Atlantic Station
and not run into somebody.
♪ You changed my mind. ♪
(sighs) Why don't they make
smaller phones?
I just want, like...
a small phone.
The future is...
-iPads that we carry around
in our iP...
-(knocking on window)
Hi.
Is that another girlfriend?
Wow, you dated Atlantic Station.
I did not. It was, like,
seven years ago.
I don't even know how
she recognized me from outside.
Vanessa?
-Hey, I thought that was you.
-Amir.
Yeah. Hey, how you been?
I haven't seen you since
the Kid Ink concert.
VAN:
Yeah, it's... it's, um,
-it's been a while, huh?
-AMIR: Yeah, definitely.
VAN:
Yeah. So, you still work here?
AMIR:
Yeah, yeah. I've been trapped
here for a while, but...
-Okay. (chuckles)
-It's good to see you.
Yeah, yeah. You, too.
Um, let me just go help
this customer real quick,
-and then I'll be right back.
-Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kid...
Ink?
He worked at this AT&T when
he took me to that concert.
He's still here.
That was, like, ten years ago.
northbound or southbound.
Be aware, the existing ramp
to SR 400 northbound
and southbound is now closed.
Plan ahead and watch
the signs to access...
Yo, BET Experience, we outside.
We outside just coolin'.
Niggas outside.
We got Paper Boi
in his big-ass black truck.
It's tinted. You can't see him,
but that's my friend.
Paper Boi, smile.
(chuckles)
I can't zoom in.
Oh, shit, it's live.
-(horn honks)
-Oh, sh--
-The fuck you doing?
-He-he tellin' me to come
to the car.
What's up, Paper Boi?
We do this all the time.
It's, like, document.
So, yeah, look at this shit.
What's up, man?
-(tires screech)
-Oh, shit!
He be doing that sometimes.
Oh, he's so fast.
All right,
I'm coming, I'm coming.
(rap song playing indistinctly)
♪ Meet the father
of the rap gospel ♪
♪ It's cold like gazpacho,
I whipped a stolen Bronco ♪
♪ Barbecue at D&D's,
I ordered zoo pie ♪
♪ Bought it from Sonny mean
mugging with the blue eyes ♪
♪ Pumping gas,
not to waste time ♪
♪ I never think of suicide ♪
♪ Had my last meal
before the day I died ♪
♪ You take a ride, step aside ♪
♪ Sometimes I got
to ask why. ♪
(entry bells jingling)
(scoffs)
Oh, hey.
What's up, man?
What you want?
Yeah, cool.
Cool, man, uh...
I heard y'all...
got something called a zoo pie?
"Zoo pie."
Mm-hmm. (chuckles) Yeah.
I mean, I don't know
what it is, so...
you know.
No, actually...
(chuckles)
I heard it in a song.
So...
One zoo pie.
Cool, one zoo pie.
♪ Make a meal amongst enemies ♪
♪ Make a meal
amongst enemies ♪
♪ Make a meal amongst enemies ♪
(groans)
♪ It might go over your head
like a piece of meat ♪
♪ Got my back against
the wall while I take a seat ♪
♪ While I take a seat... ♪
Hey, yo, man,
I ain't heard this one before.
Did you know Blueblood?
♪ On my Cuban wings ♪
♪ Ain't saw love
like a Cupid thing ♪
♪ On my Cuban wings ♪
♪ Out in Bombay, sipping Bombay
mixed with Ocean Spray ♪
♪ My girl say express it
in an open way ♪
♪ But I ain't know what to say ♪
Oh. (exhales)
Thanks, man.
♪ Yeah, make a meal
amongst enemies ♪
♪ Make a meal amongst enemies ♪
♪ Make a meal
amongst enemies ♪
♪ I ain't thinking out the box
so I put it on the lid... ♪
♪ Drippin' so much sauce
she can't see it ♪
♪ When the show must go on... ♪
Scavenger hunt?
Hey, man,
is this a scavenger hunt?
♪ ♪
Is-is Blueblood still alive?
Who's Blueblood?
♪ ♪
(smacks lips)
Bet. (chuckles)
Hey, man, you keep the change.
(entry bells jingle)
Girl in the hat, CPK?
Took her to see Norbit
opening weekend.
Gyu-Kaku.
We went on three dates,
and I ghosted him.
And the guy he's serving
was my TA.
We dated for three months.
Coming around the corner
at three o'clock,
Shaunna, we met at a Braves
game, dated for under a year.
She's wearing a shirt
that she stole from my house.
Peter Brookfield.
Went on six dates
between 2012 and 2014.
And he's the last American white
I've kissed.
I'm sorry,
can I be honest with you?
Yeah, always.
I kind of just want to leave.
-Yeah, let's do that.
-Okay.
-We've been here twice already.
-(stammers)
But where's the car?
Are you tapping the thing?
-Yeah, yeah...
-Hey, Earn!
Long time no see.
We just saw each other.
(scoffs)
Doesn't matter, um...
We're a little lost.
Could you help us
get out of here?
Do you know how?
Yeah, it's a little tricky.
I'm not sure.
I came to get
a gift for my dad and now
I feel like I've been lost
for a really long time.
What's a really long time?
I don't know.
When you first got here,
do you remember
what was playing at the Regal?
Now You See Me 2.
That's bad, huh?
-No, it's good.
-It was good to see you.
-(cicadas trilling)
-(distant train horn blowing)
(whirring in distance)
Yo, I don't know what you think
this is, all right?
I don't know what Fox News
has been feeding you,
but I'm not Antifa,
I'm not a looter.
I just was returning
my air fryer.
I don't care.
(grunting)
You can't get me now.
I'm up here.
I'll wait.
What?
(groans)
No, you don't.
(grunts)
Ah, shit.
Get some help!
♪ ♪
♪ The old ladies dancin'
with the blue devil ♪
♪ East side swim club is
the new ghetto ♪
♪ I ain't hating, though ♪
♪ I swing low,
go past subterranean ♪
♪ Weed man hit me up,
new geraniums ♪
♪ A whole locker full of chips,
got to break them in ♪
♪ New chips,
got to break 'em in ♪
♪ Aight, aight ♪
♪ Took Williams to 10th,
then I made a right ♪
♪ Right, smoke a joint,
I'm at home ♪
♪ Playing Half-Life♪
♪ Hit the high score,
then I'll probably act right ♪
♪ All right ♪
♪ Tell the haters that they got
to get my stacks right ♪
♪ Know my skin glowin'
in the black light ♪
♪ They all said you was
crazy when you rap tight ♪
♪ I throw the thumbs up,
when they act right ♪
♪ They say there's no pictures
in the trap, right? ♪
♪ But I'm a trap star
in my real life ♪
♪ Got to put it in a place
they don't look once ♪
♪ How you know? I read it in a
book once swing down midtown ♪
♪ I was on Ponce and bistros,
♪ Keep going,
I don't speak France ♪
♪ Throw the powder
in the wash so my team bubble ♪
♪ You out of order,
you think I was being subtle ♪
♪ I'm coming at you 3D,
so they got to watch ♪
♪ Matinee in the day,
check my pocket watch ♪
(siren wailing)
♪ There's no lies
and I can't front ♪
♪ Seen it in a movie once ♪
♪ Robocop in the street
with an Uzi once. ♪
(dogs barking in distance)
(organ music playing)
Oh.
Can I help you?
Hey, uh...
(chuckles)
Yeah, I was, um...
Are you here for Blueblood?
-Yeah, yeah. (chuckles)
-Oh. (chuckles)
Is he performing?
Uh, no.
He's dead.
Is that news to you?
I'm Keisha.
Gary's wife.
-I'm Al.
-(chuckles)
Blueblood's name was Gary?
(laughs)
Yeah.
(smacks lips)
So what's all this?
Well, this is Gary's funeral.
The way he wanted it.
(laughs)
Hmm.
Gary was always trying
to outdo himself.
You know.
I remember he used to talk
about the culture.
And how he was doing it
for the culture.
So...
when he found out
he was gonna die,
he decided to do this.
(chuckles)
He was pretty sick
towards the end, but...
he still managed to record an
album and plan a scavenger hunt.
T-shirts, comic books...
barbecue sponsorships.
Oh, are you hungry?
Uh, no, no, I, um...
I had something to eat
on the way over here.
Oh, right.
(chuckles)
The zoo pie.
I promised him
I'd run the funeral.
You're the fifth person
to show up.
Damn.
-Really?
-(chuckles) Yeah.
I think he expected more people.
I'm actually surprised, too.
I mean, all you had to do
was listen to the album.
Yeah.
He put so much effort into it,
but I guess you don't always get
back what you give.
He just worked so hard.
And I just wish
he had had more fun.
'Cause that's all it is
in the end.
(chuckles)
Oh!
You get one of those, too.
(laughs)
Track 11 is how to care for it.
(short laugh)
That's dope.
Mm-hmm.
He really had an impact on me.
(chuckles softly)
May I?
Sure.
(exhales)
That's...
that's not his skeleton.
I had to have him cremated
about a month ago.
Earn?
Vanessa, long time no see--
No, no, no, no, no, stay back!
S-Stay back.
Earn!
-EARN: Van!
-Oh, my God.
Did you find something?
Is that a way out?
I'm not going in there.
Well, I'll check it out,
and then I'll come back
if it ends up being legit.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
You're just gonna leave me,
and then I'm stuck here
like the rest of your exes?
I would never let you
become one of them.
You know that, right?
(chuckles)
All right.
(door shuts)
-(footsteps)
-(both panting)
(Van breathing shakily)
-(clatter)
-VAN: (gasps) What was that?
EARN:
Are the walls carpeted?
VAN:
Yeah, they are,
but why are they sopping wet?
EARN:
We're gonna have
to sl-slide through this
VAN:
Ooh, ow! Ow!
Earn, there's no room.
EARN:
I see, I see there,
I see a light in the corner.
VAN:
Ow! Ow! Wait, wait, wait!
EARN:
Okay, just keep moving.
I see a light, I see a light.
-Just follow that.
-Okay. You do?
Okay, I'm kind of scared.
-Calm down. I got, I know,
it's okay, it's okay.
-VAN: Okay.
-All right, I'm stuck.
Okay, you're gonna have to...
-Oh! Oh, okay.
-You're gonna have to kick me.
You're gonna...
-Okay.
(both grunt)
-VAN: I'm sorry! Okay.
-EARN: Not there!
-On the, the head!
-I'm sorry!
-On the head!
-I didn't mean it. I'm sorry!
He was kind of like
a revolutionary. I mean, who...
Nobody think about putting
stuff on tracks like that.
-And making a scavenger hunt...
-I know, right? Yeah.
(both coughing)
Y'all fuck with Blueblood?
(gasping)
I was following y'all.
Kenya?
(cicadas trilling)
Hey, you want me to, uh, give
you a ride to your car, man?
Nah, they can keep it.
(scoffs)
Is that Darius?
Where? Hell yeah.
Hey, yo, Darius!
Oh.
Yo.
(exhales)
You okay?
You look kind of rough.
DARIUS:
Yeah, it's been a...
weird day.
Hey, Al, can you get me
up out of here, man?
-Like, quickly, please?
-All right.
Come on, man, let's go.
-You gonna be all right?
-Yeah, I'll be all right.
Hey, I'm Kenya.
Hi.
What's with the air fryer?
-Ah, it was just a gift.
-(gasps)
I forgot to get
a gift for my dad.
Uh, here.
Wow, thank you.
No, thank you.
My arms are getting tired.
(engine starts)
♪ I was afraid,
never fuck with... ♪
Kenya, you need a ride?
My Uber's, like,
two minutes away.
I'll be fine.
-Thanks.
-Okay.
KENYA:
Bye.
(song continues playing,
muffled)
♪ ♪
(insects trilling)
(engine drives out of hearing)
(electric wheelchair whirring)
(whirring stops)
-("Running Away"
by Sly & The Family Stone plays)
-♪ Running away ♪
♪ To get away ♪
♪ Ha ha, ha ha ♪
♪ You're wearing out ♪
♪ Your shoes ♪
♪ Look at you fooling you ♪
♪ Making blues
of night and day ♪
♪ Hee-hee, hee-hee ♪
♪ You're stretching out ♪
♪ Your dues ♪
♪ Look at you fooling you. ♪